Hi doctor. I've been having these awful allergy symptoms for a while now and it's really starting
to get in the way of everything. My nose is constantly runny and I'm sneezing all the time.
It's like I can't catch a break. How long have you been dealing with these symptoms?
Off and on for a few years, but it's been way worse this spring. It started a couple of months
ago around March and it hasn't really stopped since. The mornings are the worst. I wake up
with my nose completely stuffed and my eyes are all puffy and itchy. Are your symptoms
forced at certain times of the day or in a particular environment? Yeah, definitely worse
in the mornings. And whenever I go outside, especially when I'm around trees or grass,
I think being indoors helps a bit. But it's hard to avoid going outside, you know? And whenever
I open a window, it feels like the symptoms flare up again. It's frustrating because I
can't even get fresh air without feeling worse. It sounds like you may be reacting to pollen.
Do you also experience any symptoms like coughing or wheezing or is it mostly affecting your eyes
and nose? Mostly my nose and eyes. I haven't really had much coughing, but I do get this constant
itching in the back of my throat. Sometimes I feel like I have to clear my throat all the time
because it gets irritated. It's not painful, but it's annoying. And my eyes, I can't stress enough
how much they bother me. They get so itchy that I can barely concentrate at work. It feels like I
have sand in them. The itching and irritation can definitely be common with allergic rhinitis.
Do you notice the symptoms getting worse at times of the year or is this something you deal
with all year long? Mostly in the spring and summer. I feel okay in the winter and things calm down a
little in the fall. But once spring hits, it's like I'm constantly battling a cold. It just doesn't
stop. The sneezing fits are the worst. I can sneeze like five or six times in a row and it leaves me
feeling exhausted. Have you tried anything to help manage these symptoms, over-the-counter medications
or home remedies? Yeah, I've tried a couple things. I've been using an antihistamine, like one of those
allergy pills you can get at the pharmacy. It helps a little, but it makes me drowsy, so I can't really
take it during the day if I'm working.